{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red249\green249\blue249;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red82\green0\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What Is it:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\cf4 Jack of all Games is a virtual board game with a tabletop interface. It relies on the players commitment and isn't as limited as most games. You can easily cheat by simply picking up and moving your piece, like a real board \strokec5 game. It\strokec2  consists so far of 3 mini games, Charades, JackLand, and Pie Face. Each game sits atop the table at the same time, allowing you to quickly switch between them.\
\cf2 \

\b \ul Research/Inspirations:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\ul How to Learn Board Game Design and Development :\ulnone  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gamedevelopment.tutsplus.com/articles/how-to-learn-board-game-design-and-development--gamedev-11607"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://gamedevelopment.tutsplus.com/articles/how-to-learn-board-game-design-and-development--gamedev-11607}}\
Using this to approach making my game like a traditionally board game\
\
\ul JackBox PartyPack 1, 2 & 3: \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jackboxgames.com/?utm_source=jackboxtv&utm_medium=logo&utm_campaign=jackboxgames"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 http://jackboxgames.com/?utm_source=jackboxtv&utm_medium=logo&utm_campaign=jackboxgames}}\
One of the most impressive games of the last 5 years in my opinion, allows up to 8 players to connect on phone and play various board game like games. A mini game in it even allows for up to 100 players.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 RECROOM :\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.againstgrav.com/rec-room/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://www.againstgrav.com/rec-room/}}\
my favorite VR game, allows to players to navigate a camp like map to play games with each other, like Painball or charades. The charades game included is very fun and I'd love to see it in non VR, while still virtual\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 Tilt Brush:\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tiltbrush.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://www.tiltbrush.com/}}\
I use tilt brush to do sketches in 3D, this really helps when designing a 3d game as you can sketch out (x,y,z) positions as well as change them to any colour.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 Leap Motion & Processing:\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.leapmotion.com/featured-platform-build-visually-stunning-experiences-processing/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 http://blog.leapmotion.com/featured-platform-build-visually-stunning-experiences-processing/}}\
Great ways to use processing and leap motion, will maybe integrate one of them into a mini game.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Scope:
\b0 \ulnone \
    \ul Breaking it Up:\ulnone \
    By building a game that is essentially 3 Smaller games, I can focus my efforts of each one and finish it before starting the next. I want the mini games to be very detailed so if I can only get two done well it's okay and the game still feels complete. By completing a series of sketches and integrating them together, the scale of the project feels like its shrunk greatly.\
\ul     Planning:\ulnone \
    An emphasis on planning and pre-design will make the harder work go faster and ensure I'm not attempting anything too daunting.\
\ul     Working early:\ulnone \
    As I learning last semester, the final project can have a lot of bugs if you don't get a somewhat finished version quite early. This semester I plan on having a working prototype early on to ensure a low bug, working game.\
\

\b \ul How to best Computationally model components:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Because I am simulating real physical objects, and almost nothing else, any of these virtual object can be represented as a processing object. By placing each object in a class I can make sure each component works well on its own before integrating them with each other. Looking into how to integrate 3D models from Cinema 4D could also greatly increase the design potential of the piece, as well as allow the design to be handled before any of the code even comes into play.\
\
\
\
\
\
}